{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh8880\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In this document a couple of glossary will be introduced. These are words or concepts that hasn\'92t directly been introduced in the requirements, but is believed to have importance to the model.\
\
Notes:\
		The domain model is a dynamic model witch is not very good for \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx13732\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		designing history. But it will be of importance to include in the 			design that the system must keep history of the berths and members.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Glossary:\
\
	1. Area: 		 A named area in the harbor which would be very helpful for building the logics of 				desired berths later on. It could be such as Pier1, Pier2\'85  depending on the size and 				design of the marina.\
\
	2. BoatSize:	A size that is needed to know that a certain boat fit in a certain berth. The size probably consists of length, 				width and depth.\
\
	3. BoatType:	Different types of boats might be in need of services. Such as water or electricity. Added it to the model to 				open for discussion.\
\
	4. BerthSize:	Needed to know if the boat will fit in the berth. Width, length and depth should be the parameters.\
\
	5. BerthType:	This should be the same as BoatType to fit a boat. I believe the services might differ for different typ of 				berths, i.e. water and electricity is normally not needed for a canoe.}